I'm your only friend
I'm not your only friend, but I'm a little glowing friend
But really, I'm not actually your friend, but I am
Blue canary in the outlet by the light switch
Who watches over you?
Make a little bird house in your soul
Not to put too fine a point on it
Say I'm the only bee in your bonnet
Make a little bird house in you soul, I have
a secret to tell from my electrical well.
It's a simple message, and I'm leaving out the whistles and bells
So the room must listen to me, fillibuster vigilantly
My name is blue canary one note, spelled L-I-T-E
My story's infinite, like the Longines Symphonette
It doesn't rest. Blue canary in the outlet by the light switch
Who watches over you?
Make a little bird house in your soul, not to put too fine a point on it
Say I'm the only bee in your bonnet
Make a little bird house in your soul
I'm your only friend
I'm not your only friend, but I'm a little glowing friend
But really, I'm not actually your friend, but I am
There's a picture opposite me of my primitive ancestry
Which stood on rocky shores and kept the beaches shipwreck-free
Though I respect that a lot, I'd be fired if that were my job after
killing Jason off and countless screaming Argonauts
Blue bird of friendliness, like guardian angels, it's always near
Blue canary in the outlet by the light switch, who watches over you?
Make a little bird house in your soul, not to put too fine a point on it
Say I'm the only bee in your bonnet
Make a little bird house
In your soul, while you're at it, leave the night light on inside the bird house in your soul